The importance of games for adults comparing to children

As people grow up, the arguments about the importance of games arise. Some people think that, adults need playing games as children do. However, in my opinion, games are no longer too important for them for several reasons.
The first reason is that games become unnecessary for people when their careers begin. Someone may argue that games help adults relax and become more balanced in life. But, more often, the pressure of work and family commitment force them to abandon their lifelong hobbies, and as a result, they cannot spend enough time and effort to their favorite games as they did in 15 or 20 years ago. For example, in my country, except for a minor part of professional athletes, the majority of people stop playing games seriously as soon as they find a decent job. They often feel that such games become more troublesome than enjoyable for their daily lives.
Another reason should be mentioned is that adults often do not pursue games as a competitive activity, while children are always keen on competition and winning. For youngsters, maintaining their desire to win often develops many outstanding characteristics whether they participate sport events or not. For example, my younger sister likes fencing, and thanks to her desire to win, she never gives up when facing a difficult situation, or even becoming hurt. On the other hand, adults often consider such behaviors as childish and drop them immediately. In fact, a competitive person usually finds it difficult to cooperate with friends and colleagues. Because of that, they no longer play games for any moderate achievements, and gradually lose their interest in such activities.
To sum up, I think adults do need to play games, but their styles are often distinct from children's, which are often less competitive and more enjoyable. Along with the high requirement for family and work, games are just some leisure activities for adults, not something necessary as they are meant to be for children.