Giving mobile phones to the unemployed

Today, the rate of unemployment is on the rise and is seriously being debated by many. Some opine that the best method to minimize this problem is by providing the unemployed with hand phones that have access to the Internet. They also believe that this solution is the most appropriate way to utilize the public money. Nevertheless, I agree to this solution only to a certain degree because I feel that giving those with no work a mobile phone each is a total waste of money.
In a positive point of view, when people without jobs have hand phones that have access to the Internet, they will be able to browse the net for more job opportunities. For example, they can surf the The Star Onlines' work section to find a job that is suitable for them. With the help of the net, they can also do more research on the work that they have found apart from looking up on how they can prepare themselves for the job. Not only that, the mobile phones can also be used to make calls with the companies in which they would like to work with. In short, if the government provides those without work with a mobile phone, they will be able to find themselves an occupation in order to live and survive.
Nonetheless, looking from another perspective, supplying hand phones to the unemployed is a waste of the taxpayers' money. This is because the money instead of being used to supply the electronic gadget can be used for other useful purposes for the country. To illustrate this further, the money can be used to build more amenities for the public or given to the poor so that they can use it to help them earn a living. To conclude, the money can be used for other intentions rather than giving hand phones to the unemployed.
Furthermore, when hand phones are provided for free, many would want to take advantage of this opportunity. It will not be surprising that in order to obtain a mobile phone, they make themselves jobless. Some might even go to the extent of lying that they are on unemployment to make them eligible to get the phones. In this context, the public's money is spent worthlessly. On top of that, till now, there are no surveys or evidences that prove this method in effective in reducing the rate of unemployment.
To put it in a nutshell, the suggestion of providing those who are jobless with mobile phones that are accessible to internet is not a proper and the best way to trim down the rate of unemployment. I suggest the government look into the background of the people in depth before giving out hand phones to them. I strongly believe that the public money should be utilized for the benefit of the society and not just for some of them who are not willing to put in more effort to find them a proper work.
