People are now able to overcome long distances in a short amount of time

Nowadays the automobile is one of the most significant forms of transportation in everyday life. Many people own cars and use them daily, which clearly shows how important they are. Generally speaking, I definitely agree with the statement that cars have improved modern life, for several reasons.
Firstly, people are now able to overcome long distances in a short amount of time, which leads to numerous advantages. For example in relationships. Many people are now able to maintain relationships over great distances because they can visit each other regularly by using their vehicle. From my personal experience I recall that my car has always been a great help to see my childhood friends very often although I lived in another city. I was also able to establish a relationship with a man living 89 kilometers away. Thanks to my car we could see each other at the weekends and are still a happy couple today. Without my automobile we would probably not have been able to develop a relationship.
In addition, cars increase the chance of employment because people are able to drive to work and can work further away from home. Furthermore, they are more flexible. My father for example has always been working all around Germany and because of that earned more money. He used his car to drive to the other end of the country, worked there during the week and came home for the weekend. If he had no car, he wouldn't be able to see his family at the weekends so for him his automobile is a great benefit - not only in financial but also in social terms.
Finally, the automobile allows people to travel more often and thus get to know the world. If people do not own cars they are likely to stay in their hometown or village most of their life. They are mainly using public transport and are thus limited in accessing certain areas. There are still places in nearly every country in the world that cannot be reached by public transportation and can only be visited by car. As a result, people who own a vehicle have greater access to more places and will see more of the world.
In conclusion, the above stated reasons clearly outweigh the fact that cars cause a lot of pollution because they provide flexibility, which is important in nearly all areas of life. Travelling, social life and employment are highly dependent on the flexibility of a person and there is nothing in the world that makes more flexible than an own car.