Concentrate on the objectives - people attend schools for various reasons

From many centuries ago, universities have been playing an important role in ones' life. Different people attend university for different point of views. In my perspective, the three most reasons are increased knowledge, career preparation and new experiences.
First of all, for most people, university is an ideal place for them to develop their understanding. Truthfully, in this wonderful academic environment, everyone is provided with varieties and gigantic number of information by a lot of professors and well-trained teachers. Thus, people are able to strengthen their knowledge. Moreover, through the instructions of teachers, the sufficient infrastructure such as laboratory, library, students is capable of doing research on every academic aspect. Therefore, they can gain a deep sight into what are they studying.
Secondly, studying in university means that you have totally turned into a different page of your life, which included many new experiences. The number of individual who enroll in university are enormous, more than any school one person have studied. Thus, students are given such fantastic chance to create new and wide relationships with a lot of people from any corner of one nation, even from the whole world. For instance, my brother are studying in an international university with a mixed community include Vietnam, Brazil, Argentina, etc. And he told me that he is very excited for experiencing such new environment, which is one of his main purposes when attending university. 
Last but not least, preparing for career is an essential function of university. Students not only do homework, assignment and attend class but also need to participate in volunteer work, internship and part time job. Thus, they can have some experiences in the outside world and discover what their life goals are. After all, they know where and what to put high emphasis on in order to achieve their objectives.
In summation, people may attend university for various reasons. Some want to enjoy new experiences, some are going to prepare for their future career, while others are eager to develop their understanding. Even though the purposes could be various, everybody who is studying in university should concentrate on the objectives and try their best.