The advertising is the main cause of unhealthy eating habits

Advertising is becoming part of our modern society. They penetrate into people's life, affecting people's choices in different things. Therefore, it comes to the debate whether advertising has positive influences on people's life. Some people say that advertising must be blamed for the unhealthy eating habits, while others believe that there are still some other factors directing people's judgments. In my opinion, the advertising is not the main cause of unhealthy eating habits.
First of all, advertising is not entirely decisive on personal eating habit. The key to forming a healthy eating pattern lies in people's concept of wholesome diets and self-control. It is sure that advertising always makes the products so tempting, regardless of whether they might bring negative effects on the human body. However, advertising is not the only information source for people. People can still acquire different viewpoints about foods from other sources, like news or magazines. As long as people are clear about how to maintain a healthy body and they persistently keep track of their eating habits, they can successfully prevent themselves from those temptations. It will be not persuasive if people just blame the advertising sector of a fast-food company for making them so fat and not reassess their own behaviors. 
Second, in the era when people are becoming conscious of a healthier lifestyle, some companies are actually aiming at this rising trend and start to promote healthy foods. In other words, advertising may even bring healthier eating habits to the people. Think about the recently popular organic foods that are claimed to grow in an environment without pesticide and those crude foods in which less salt or less sugar are added. These are the main traits that advertising is hitting on and the overall results are good. In these cases, the advertising industry bolsters people's awareness of having a healthy lifestyle. 
In conclusion, advertising is not the primary reason of unhealthy eating habits. There are the build-up of the concept about healthy eating habits and self-control that really matter. Besides, advertising might lead to healthier eating customs due to the growing awareness of living under a better lifestyle. It is inevitable to be exposed to the environment full of advertisements but it does not mean that our right to choose is taken away. We will always be able to decide our own lifestyles.