People who can’t accept others’ criticism can’t succeed in group working

In everyday life we encounter different people, and we receive different opinions about us or our works, no matter positive or negative. It might be easy to take praises but hard to accept criticism. Therefore, here goes the point that people who can't accept others' criticism can't succeed in group working. Personally, I agree with this statement.
First, the core of group working is "consensus". It's the idea that everyone’s opinion accounts. In group works, group members gather together to have brain-storming discussion, think over every possible solutions and then finally reach an agreement. In this long process of discussion, there must be different opinions sparkling out. It doesn't work if one member solely insists on his/her idea and doesn't take other member's criticism because the work belongs to every member, not a personal show for specific one member. It's every member's duty to respect other's opinion.
Second, taking criticism is a virtue as you take someone's opinion that is against you. Even if you are not working in a group, you still need to take others' criticism. Criticism definitely hurts because it points out your drawbacks and forces you to confront them. However, criticism can help you detect those drawbacks and fix them if you are willing to take it. Those who don't even take a word of criticism will eventually lose chances to get improved. In other words, if you can't take any criticism, not only will you fail in cooperating with other people, but also get defeated in personal works. As one Chinese idiom goes: "The good medicine tastes bitter“. Criticism might be the most powerful solution to heal.
However, some people might ask: what if the criticism proves to be wrong? What if that I was at first right but the seemingly reasonable criticism led me to the wrong direction? Doesn't insistence also a good character? In my point of view, even if you are right, criticism is still helpful because in this case it not only is a fixer, but it also serves as a practice to test you how much you know about your work. Taking criticism doesn't necessary mean that you have to take it all. You should have your own judgments too! And it's kind of art to make the best use of criticism.
In conclusion, criticism is essential especially in group working but in other occasions we still need criticism. It's just like a picky mirror through which we can see the bad side of us and thus try to become more beautiful and confident. 