University students should attend classes or not?

In university education, students are given much independence in the ways of learning. Some students still rely on classes to keep up with the courses, while some students don't feel the need to attend classes because they believe that they can handle the exams. These different ideas of learning methods lead to a question whether it is necessary for university students to attend the class as long as they can pass their examinations. In my opinion, I believe that students should always attend class no matter what the outcome of the exam is. 
First, in terms of learning, attending class is more effective than simply studying alone to pass the exams. Classes are designed diligently for the students and professors absolutely bear more knowledge than the students. Professors not only have the knowledge, but also equip with experiences, knowing how to guide their students toward their academic achievements. 
Second, it's students' basic responsibility to attend class. Attending class is the most persuasive way for the students to show respect to the professor as well as themselves. Many professors grade their students with class attendances. In other words, class attendances are regarded as critical as examination performances. Those who even achieve high scores on exams could fail if they didn't show up in the classes.
Some people might argue that if students already understand the contents on the class enough to pass the exams or they can study the course on their own. Why wasting time going to classes? Doesn't self-study more efficient? However, in my opinion, this is a rather immodest way of thinking. I believe that professors can always give students more than students themselves could because of the experiences and their qualifications as professors. Besides, even if students believe that they are so brilliant to surpass their professors, they can still go to the classes to discuss with professors and classmates. 
In conclusion, students can learn more thoroughly as well as showing respect for professors and themselves through attending classes. It's an essential learning process. Passing the exams is not the terminal purpose of learning. The learning process itself, however, is the most important and powerful way of evaluating a student. 