Living in smal towns

Place of living has the most significant affect on our lives and we have to choose it according to several factors. Some people prefer to live in tall buildings and crowded areas, whereas others prefer to live in a small and calm town. I would prefer to live in a small town and I think a small town has some advantages, such as good weather, a healthy life and better facilities.
Firstly, the first advantage of living in a small town is a healthy life that we can obtain due to many items. One of the conditions that helps us to be healthy is good weather and less population that exist in a small town. Also, in a small town there are less crowded and less traffic. Living in a place with less pollution such as air pollution or sound pollution helps us to have a healthier life and one of the main consequences is less stress and more happiness. Moreover, in a small town foods and materials we need are healthier than in big cities and there are fresh foods and fruits. Regardless of some exceptions, it is obvious that living in small towns is healthier than in big cities.
Secondly, another advantage of small towns is living costs. Living cost is one of the important concerns in every society and then, in a small town living cost is fewer than in big cities. Therefore, in a small town we can live in big houses with good landscapes, also because of less crowded spaces we have more facilities and more services. Transportation cost is less than in big cities and we have less traffic so that we can save time and money.
In conclusion, I prefer to live in a small town and I think it has some advantages such as less stress, because of better weather conditions and also, better relationship within a town. In small town people know each other and have better deal together than big cities therefore on big cities people feel alone and depress more than small cities. However it is an obvious fact that people in small town have more happiness and friendship and less illness and stress.