Leisure activities - Spend your free time outdoors or indoors.

People often relax themselves by joining leisure activities. Some people prefer to spend their free time indoors. But from my experience, I myself prefer to spend my leisure time outdoors because I strongly feel that it is good for health and keep my body fit. Also, outdoor activities enable me to socialize with other people and enjoy natural beauty.
There are strong advantages to spend leisure time outdoors. One benefit is that doing outdoor activities such as soccer and baseball is good for one's health. For instance, last year, I spent my summer time playing soccer and baseball. Playing baseball provided my upper body for hitting and throwing. Soccer, on the other hand, developed my lower body for kicking and endurance for playing full 90-minute-games. I belive that practicing these sports helped me greatly. Something else that is good is that playing these sports is to keep my body fit, make me ultimately refreshed. After that summer, my body is stronger and endurance is better. 
Outdoor activities not only improves my health but also gives me chances to communicate with more people. When I was ten years old, I was a shy girl. My mother took me to The National Camp. At first, I just ate and played alone. But on the third day, while I was swimming, a friendly girl came and greeted me, we became friend later and she taught me how to swim effectively. On the next day, we played together and she introduced me to her friends. Thanks to her and outdoor activities such as going skiing, climbing the mountain, I had a lot of friends since The National Camp. If, for example, I hadn't participate in that camping, I wouldn't have had many friends like today. 
Moreover, you can also enjoy the beautiful nature when doing some outdoor activities like going hiking, sunbathing, going biking. If you spend your spare time at home or something like that, you can't enjoy beautiful nature. Spending time outdoors, people can breathe fresh air, feel the warm sun on their face and enjoy the complete peace that only nature brings.
Admittedly, indoor activities are fun. There's no doubt that indoor activities like reading a book, watching TV or listening to music can bring us lots of joy. Although I can also have fun in indoor activities, this advantage cannot outweigh the attractions coming from outdoor activities. After all, people are people and we have our own propensity. Leisure activities are one of them and I myself choose outdoor activities to spend my leisure time.