Students should be required to take regular standardized tests

The issue at hand is if the schools should require students to take regular standardized exams. This issue is important because nowadays many people cast doubt on it. However, I believe that standardized tests are valuable option for educational system as long as it would help teachers to know if the students are really getting knowledge.
Firstly, standardized tests are preferable due to the fact that they help teachers to fairly grade the students. For example some students are not so active on the lessons, cause they are already familiar with the issue. Therefore, exams could be the only way for teachers to see the real abilities of those students. In addition, many teachers rely only on the exam results while grading the class, so the usage of standardized tests is the superior option for them.
Additionally, standardized tests can be good chance for students to apply their knowledge on practice. Since, some students may get used to simply rewriting solved problems from the blackboard, so they will never try to solve problems on their own. However, standardized tests offer them such chance. Thus, it is clear that schools should require students to take standardized tests, as long as this option helps to both sides.
Finally, I think that requirement to take standardized tests is the right choice, since in this case teachers can compare the level of knowledge of different students. In any class there will be students who will show low academic performance, so teachers could work with them more intensively. I support the points of those who say that standardized tests are required over those who don’t because if the teacher would know the level of each student he would fairly share his time to all of them.
Ultimately I feel that schools which obligate their students to take standardized tests are right. I belive this, due to the fact that these schools can qualitatively check if they are giving an appropriate education to their students.