Problems and benefits of international tourism

Along with the advancement of long-distance transportation, international tourism has boomed in the last few decades. Some people believe that this has brought more problems than benefits. I disagree with this view.
I admit that tourism can have a negative impact on the natural environment. In order to meet the needs of tourists, local governments are likely to build more facilities and infrastructures around tourist attractions, which may result in the destruction of natural habitats. Tourism also creates more pollution and waste, including growing emission of greenhouse gases, dumped leftovers and overuse of water, power and other kind of energy in luxurious hotels. Based on these grounds, it seems that tourism puts great pressure on ecosystem and local resources, and it should not be encouraged.
However, flourishing tourism in a place can be very rewarding in terms of local economy. Holiday makers flocking to other countries are not only bound to spend on tickets of attractions, but also pay for food, accommodation, transportation and entertainment. Both local people and governments can make a large amount of money through these services, and more employment opportunities can be created as well. I also believe the revenue earned form tourism can be used in turn to reduce pollution and protect the environment.
Furthermore, the increasing development of tourism is a boon to travelers as well. The provision of direct airlines makes it possible for them to travel conveniently and comfortably. With adequate local facilities and services available, they can spend more of their holidays having fun and relaxing. In addition, both locals and tourists can experience more cultures than ever before, and they can be more open-minded to eliminate preconceptions and deepen mutual understanding among nations.
In conclusion, the prosperity of tourism can provide benefits for people on a global scale. Although there are some inevitable problems, they are outweighed by advantages and can be tackled if proper measures are taken.