Businesses had better not employ the workers for the whole of their life

Many entrepreneurs hypothesize that it is safer to hire employees for their entire lives in order to ensure the productivity and efficiency of working. From my perspective, those assumptions are not only conservative but also out-of-date. I am biased towards the opposite side that businesses had better not employ the workers for the whole of their life because of the three main crucial reasons. 
First and foremost, various ideas and creativity from different people are indispensable for a company to flourish. The invaluable experience of senior employees can pass down to the young apprentices who get used to new job, but regularly give out creative and novel ideas. What's more, the rapid development in every field nowadays requires precise updates and access to new knowledge. Therefore, the youngsters are capable of meeting those standards. More importantly, they have activeness, inventiveness and enterprise which allow them to complete their jobs perfectly. These vital factors can decide whether the company can thrive or not.
Secondly, the staff soon gets boring with their stable job in such a long time. At a certain time, they may presume that a securing job is the most important and necessary because they need to earn money to manage their life. Thereafter, the bulk of them realize that high promotion and competition can assist them to improve their skills and horizons also. Many people enjoy challenging them because they don not want to be monotonous and passive ones. The same-old-same-old environment soon makes them depressed, so this situation will have an adverse impact on the enterprise. 
Last but not least, the economic crisis and financial recession result in a tremendous increase in unemployment. In my opinion, the businesses ought to recruit many workers so as to tackle this aching issue. It enables the jobless to better their life and earn a living. Furthermore, the factories and companies will have abundant human sources to ensure the pace of manufacture and also devising lots of unique ideas. 
In a nutshell, varied characteristics of various people, feeling tired of having the same occupation and solving the unemployed problem drive me to agree with the statement that the employer should not hire the staff for a whole life. I believe that the brilliant bosses are conscious of the need for giving opportunities to diverse employees.