Should people be forced to stop working?

The appropriate age at which a person should stop working is now a much debated issue in the society. Some opine that people should be given the option to choose when they want to call it a day while others oppose this notion. In my personal point of view, the right age for a person to retire should be around 60 years old. I, for one, strongly agree that age should be set as a criterion for people to retire at the aforementioned age due to several reasons that I shall discuss below.
First and foremost, if senior workers dominate the working sector, there will be lesser job opportunities for the fresh graduates. As a result, most of them will be forced to take up careers which are poles apart from what they had studied for. To illustrate this further, a medical graduate might find it very disheartened when he had to spend around five precious years studying medicine and at the end of the day, he will have to take up another profession rather than doctor due to the insufficient job opportunities available. On top of that, due to the lack of genuine passion on the work which was not of their option, there is a greater possibility for their performance standard to dwindle at their workplace.
Apart from that, not all elderly workers are physically well. Beyond that age, a large proportion of them have an elevated chance of contracting a multitude of health problems such as stress related diseases and cardiovascular illnesses. To cite an example, the stressful life that an aged teacher goes through will definitely take a toll on him. Consequently, they will not be able to give their best in whatever they are doing. Besides, the academic institution will have to pay for his medical bills, resulting in more loss for the institution. Thus, it would indeed be better if at an older age, opportunities are given to the younger ones.
Admittedly, the expertise of the senior workers who had retired should never be underestimated. Their invaluable experiences and knowledge in their respective fields such as engineering, medicine, and law can certainly be beneficial to the younger generation. Hence, it is highly recommended that the retiree come over to the companies or hospitals to have regular sessions with the present staffs to bridge the gap between them and to pass on their knowledge.
In conclusion, it is indeed evident that age limit should be set for retirement. There will come a certain time when the older generation should hand over the responsibility to the fresh comers who are certainly waiting to be given a choice to prove themselves. After all, retirement not only marks the end of an individual, but also gives him a chance to make up for what he has lost throughout his working life.
