Spending equal amount of money on libraries and sports?

University students can be divided into two groups, one group with less interest to study and the other which include hard working students. Usually the second group's members do not have enough time to do exercise. We all know doing exercise for at least 30 minutes form the basis of the healthy and happy life. But I don't think that equal amount of money should be spent on academic issues like libraries and laboratories and physical or social activities.
First, in my view spending too much money for equipping the gyms or constructing football/basketball courts are really not necessary to encourage students to do sports. For example, my roommate, Mary, always wakes up 6 in the morning and spends 1 hour doing sport in the park which is near our dormitory. When she gets to the dorm, she is really full of energy and after taking a shower, she is ready to start a good day. As you see, she is doing exercise without spending a cent. What the university should do is informing the students the benefits of doing sport by hanging some posters in the campus, inviting some athletes to lecture for students and encourage them to spend some time for their body and health.
In addition, students choose their major based on their interests. The university should provide the best equipment needed for physical education students. Because their major in completely involved in physical activities. In contrast, for an engineer or a medicine student I do not find it fair enough to equip gyms instead of their laboratories, because it really make the students enthusiastic to use innovative technology to learn and maybe find new things in their field.
Finally, spending money on social activities looks like wasting money. For students who want to gather with their friends or want to go out to meet new people, university programs are the last place they would choose. For example when I and my friends want to spend time with each other, we prefer to go out of university to the places where we do not want to be disturbed by any familiar people. 
In conclusion, I do not deny the importance of doing sports in the success of university students, but I think both sports and social activities should not receive equal amount of money with libraries and laboratories.