Television has more bad than good in respect of bonds with family and friends

There are many interesting programs on television which anyone can enjoy at little cost. Compared to other hobbies such as going to theater or going to sports stadium, it is a very cost-effective hobby that gives viewer quiet a few indirect experiences. However, from my point of view, television has more bad than good because it has made people not to have conversation each other.
To begin with, television shows make people forget what is really important. One who has favorite programs tends to be obessed with them when they are on air. Thus, they cannot make appointment or go out with their family or friends at that time since they think the programs are so crucial to their lives. One of my friends, for example, once cancelled an appointment to play basketball with in order to watch the favorite television show "Infinete Challenges". This is not only about basketball, but also about our friendship, which depends on how often we meet and have a chance to talk to each other. That is, watching television alone at home, my friend lost the opportunity to increase cohesion between us.
Moreover, even when people watch television together, there is no chance for them to have conversation in front of television. Watching television program together is not that different from watching same program alone. Thus, it is not good for them to watch television if they want to improve their sense of closeness. To illustrate my point, it is reported that most of people don't converse with their family when they are watching television together. It is natural they behave in that way because television shows don't require any participation.
In conclusion, I firmly believe that it is detrimental to communication among members in group, family or friends or whatever, to sit in front of television and just stare forward. It is because television not only makes people be obsessed with it but also makes their mouth close.