Various local languages are becoming extinct 

Today, English is commonly used language across the world. Its usage is increasing day by day. As a consequence, various local languages are becoming extinct. Some people argue that, this is a positive change and would help people to easily communicate. While there are others who disagree with this and are more concerned about dying local languages. In my opinion, I believe using single language through out the world is a positive change which is helping the world to become a better place to live.
A world with fewer languages helps us interact with each other in a better way. Due to globalization, many people are traveling for professional trips. So, communicating in single language will reduce the problems of travelers in daily activities like ordering food in a restaurant or in going around places. Furthermore, students who migrate for better education would not have to go through lot of stress as they can easily make new friends and can be part of any discussions which is otherwise not possible in a world with multiple languages; this in turn makes it easy to adjust in new environment. Single language also reduces misunderstandings between people. Adding to that, exchange of knowledge in different sectors of research like electronics, medical, astronomy etc would become easier.
On the other hand, few people are worried about the dying local languages. These languages are the basis for the origination and initial communication between different cultures. They represent local culture. As the usage of these languages decrease, culture also changes accordingly. Further, these languages are tightly coupled with history; all the olden day literature and scripts will be impossible to decipher if these languages are lost.
To conclude, I believe change is inevitable and that usage of one language across the world is a positive one. We have to accept these changes for a world to be a better place. Communication in single language would improve the productivity of the world and brings everyone on to the same page.