University education is needed for success

In today's modern and competitive society, it is undeniable that we must equip ourselves with plenty of knowledge and skills in order to shine and to be successful in life. Many opine that the aforementioned aspects are mostly obtained through learning in academic institutions. I do agree to that opinion to a certain degree. Nevertheless, I feel that one can also shine without even having to attend universities.
First and foremost, it is certainly true that university education is of paramount importance for certain professions such as doctor, engineer and lawyer. Without proper training and knowledge, it would be impossible for them to perform their best in their careers. Not only that, when they are in a university, they will have the opportunity to share their knowledge as well as to network for business associates and partners. This can benefit them in future when they intend to open up their own companies or hospitals.
Looking from another perspective, there are also a significant number of people who are very successful in their fields without going to university. Take for instance those who start their own business. These people depend solely on hard work and luck. Interestingly, for some of them it proved to be a profitable job. To cite an example, Michael Dell who is the founder and the CEO of Dell left college at 19. Initially, he started his computer company in his college dorm room. Eventually, he used his earnings as well as his family's loan in order to progress to be who he is now.
In addition, people with natural talents are also most likely to excel in their life. This is especially true in sectors like entertainment and sports. The introduction of increasing number of reality shows have made it possible for all those lucky ones to triumph. To illustrate this further, David Archuleta who was once a nobody has now taken up a large space in hearts of many. Hence, it is evident that individuals born with talents have also a high chance to be successful.
To wrap it all up, it is indeed true that university education is pivotal in a person's life in order for one to prosper. However, it would be wrong to say that one's success completely depends on the education he or she receives at the institutions. Natural talent and hard work also contribute to their progress.
