Distance-learning cannot bring the benefits that traditional colleges offer
 
With the tremendous development in information technology, long-distance education enables people to study at home without going to school. Whether this teaching approach is more beneficial to pupils than the traditional way sparks off a heated debate. From my perspective, I agree with the view that students can acquire more benefits from the remote education.
To begin with, studying at home save the pupils enormous time and considerable expense. Students who use distance-learning programs can cut down their commuting time, tuition fees, textbook fees and so forth just by an internet connection. This especially makes a significant difference for the children who live in the far-off countryside and the children whose families are living below the poverty-line.
Besides that, long-distance education provides students the opportunity to access the immense knowledge resources and a variety of teaching approaches. Pupils can obtain materials for their curricula just by one mouse click, such as science reports, study posts, documentary records, etc. A student can even select a specific online course based on his own preference and time schedule so he can control the learning progress and make satisfactory achievement on this course.
It is undeniable that traditional education has its advantages in face-to-face communication, mental inspiration and physical educations. These make remarkable contributions in providing immediate feedbacks and cultivating pupils' personalities. But with the improvements in streaming and sensor technologies, remote education can eliminate the obstacles of distance and body contacts.
In conclusion, I concede that traditional education has some merits like feedbacks and inspirations that cannot be replaced in the near future. However, distance-learning outweighs the conventional way not only with its efficiency, convenience and economic value, but also with the self-regulated education that pupils can study on their own purpose.