Television and Movies influence our lives both negatively and positively

There is no doubt that television or movies influence people’s behavior and they influence us in both bad ways and good ways. But I think in general television and movies influence our behavior in bad ways more than in good ways. They make people to eat more rubbish food, spend less time with their friends and family, and be someone that are not themselves. 
There are a lot of people eating foods or snacks when they are watching television. Most of the foods they eat are fat foods like chips or pizzas. It is not rocket science to know that these foods are not good for people’s health. Many companies know about this behavior and use advertisements on television to make people buy more of these foods. In turn, people will consume these rubbish foods more and we have to deal with a lot of fat diseases.
Television and movies also make people to spend more time on their couch than with their family and friends, especially children. They communicate less with their parents because a lot of their time is used watching television and movies. When people are watching television or movies together, they also talk less to each other, compare to when playing social games, such as parlor games, together.
Television and movies nowadays contain a lot of advertisements. These advertisements build ideal images that make people to feel bad about themselves and want to be more like these images. When people see beautiful women and men on the advertisements, they think that they are ugly. Thus they spend a lot of money to buy a lot of beauty products or go to gym to get better appearance or body. When a cool hero characters in a movie smokes and yet a lot of people like him, then people who idolize him may also begin to smoke although they don’t prefer it.
I think television and movies are entertaining but most of the time they influence people’s behavior in bad ways. If you want to stay healthy, be yourself and spend time with your family and friends, then you should spend less time watching these media.