Benefits of students doing extra jobs

In present day and age, students are normally exposed to extra jobs as early as they start their university. This phenomenon, although in some extents, are proved to have negative effects, I feel strongly that the disadvantages are far outweighed by the advantages. In this essay, some of the benefits surrounding this matter will be carefully explained.
It is undoubtedly certain that students can gain their practical experience by getting involved extra jobs. Part-time jobs furnish them with precious chance to practice what they are learning at their universities. In addition, that seems to be more essential the present shortage of sufficiently practical conditions supplied in universities. As a result, students who get part time jobs have not only academic knowledge but also hands-on experience. Moreover, having experienced in working environment during student time offers a distinct advantage when they apply for jobs after their graduation.
Secondly, students who take on a part time job are often more confident and independent than other ones. By constant communicating with other colleagues daily in a company environment where their new ideas can be raised without hesitation, then students' confidence could be significantly gained. Also, working conditions require students the independency in thinking, working, and solving problems, which is greatly helpful when the characteristic is applied to tackle subjects in their universities.
Lastly, doing extra jobs helps student with money for their accommodation. Indeed, high studying tuition, added with raising accommodation expenses are becoming a huge burden to students. With the money they earn from extra jobs, which normally is not much, those difficulties could be partially solved. Moreover, that helps students from being reliant on their families as well as is a well-prepared condition for their independent later life.
In conclusion, I feel certain that having a part time job during your student time will offer students many clear benefits. By taking on an extra job, students can partly alleviate some their problematic matters such as working experience, confidence and accommodation. It is my belief the tendency of getting extra jobs will increase more in the future.
