Successful people do something new or take risks

There is a hotly debated issue over whether successful people usually take risk or try new things, and the topic can be approached from several different angles due to its complexity. Some people tend to believe that to be successful, they should do something they are unfamiliar with, while others seem to stand on the opposite place. After deeply pondering over this issue, I develop my own perspective as well. I favor the latter; that is, successful people still do things they already know.
The first and foremost reason lies in an inevitable fact that to be successful, we all try to reduce the risk we might encounter. The lower the factors making us fail we have, the higher probability to success we own. Consider a circumstance in which one person is rich because he knows a lot of knowledge of investment. He can focus on certain companies which he thinks is worth it to invest, and then just waits for the not so high but constant income. He does not have to invest some dangerous companies to get higher profit which might lead him to bankrupt in a short time. Therefore, we can commence to agree that successful people do not have to try new things or take risks.
Moreover, another equally crucial aspect is that it depends on the capability of one to decide whether he can succeed or not. At least, a successful person should be able to dismantle the hurdles prohibiting him to success. For instance, the sports stars do not have to take some drugs to win a game or show their extraordinary skills. The same reason why they succeed is that they all have the predominated abilities in sports realm. In contrast, those athletes try to have distinctive performance by taking risks of taking drugs are failed to succeed. Hence, from this case, we are capable of stating that it is not necessary for successful people to take risks.
Admittedly, on the other hands, there might be some dissidents proclaiming that doing something new is necessary for people to success because they can become different from others, which is also a widely accepted idea for success. However, according to my limited understanding, I just doubt the credibility of that saying owing to its imprudence. Try something new can indeed make people become special, while it does not mean successful. 
Based on the reasons demonstrated above, I believe that doing what we already known can still leads us to succeed because the advantages of this are relatively greater than that of the opposite. In other words, reducing risks and enhancing individual's capability is the most important path to success. It is not to say, of course, that other points of view are completely without merit. Still, I am firmly convinced that the reasons I have proposed in favor of my own sentiment are much more tenable and cogent.