Financial support for sports and social activities

There are a lot of debates about the importance of sports and social activities in contrast with the main classes. It is very subjective decision for students to have or not have these facilities. Although multitudes of people think that sports and social activities are not as necessary as academic subjects in colleges, I think that these activities have the same efficient role in students' lives. In the following, I will state my reason for this choice.
First, besides the good body shape, sports have very vital effects on human's healthfulness. In my viewpoint, our body and moral health depend to physical activities directly. As a case in point, last month I had very difficult exam that I forced to study for one week back to back. After that exam, I felt depressed and exhausted. Therefore, I decided to go to gym to recuperate and it responded very well! As a result, sports are necessary for students to acquire their energy and health.
Second, besides the academic knowledge, the awareness of social behavior is an important factor for human's life. As a practical epitome, students should be prepared to present in society after their graduation. Thus social activities can help them to be familiar with other's mind and different environment. In my opinion, social groups and classes are significant factors to prepare students to contribute in discussion and encounter real social environment. So, social activities have same rights to receive monetary support.
Moreover, they bring about students to be happier and to have more fun and entertainments. If we follow just one wing of my life i.e., studying as a student, after some whiles it would be boring and we wouldn't have any motivation. Such activities can help us to pick up with other students and have more friends. In my perspective, more friends and new experience inspire the feeling of happiness and excitement in me.
All in all, I am in the conviction that sports and social activities should obtain analogous concern and money in the view of above-mentioned reasons. They bring a lot of advantages and benefits for students and also affect their future in a positive way.