Should we pay professional athletes (entertainers) a high salary?

Professional athletes and entertainers earn a huge amount of money that is hard to imagine. Most of the people spending their whole life can never achieve this. This salary gap between those famous people and us leads to a question-do those professional athletes and entertainers deserve this money? From my prospect, I believe that they do deserve this high payment.
First of all, a worker's salary can properly reflect his/her competence and value on his/her career. Therefore, those who are paid high salaries must exceed others and achieve something incredible in certain ways. They are not paid for no reason. As we are now live in a competent world, we must show ourselves to be great enough so as to convince the employer that we deserve a better payment. It's all the same in every profession. That's why the richest athletes usually correspond to the greatest athletes in their fields, namely Michael Jordan or Tiger Woods.
Second, such high salaries can also guarantee and support the athlete's great performances. Most of us only see the luxurious side of a rich athlete and ignore how may difficulties they've gone through and how much cost they've thrown into investing themselves. They shall reap within their high salaries. In other words, if they are not paid high enough in order to conform to their performances, there might not be such brilliant performances for us to be amazed. 
Some people might argue that the gap between the rich athletes and normal people is so huge that it seems to be unfair. However, in my opinion, as long as everyone has equal chances to pursue his/her dreams and careers, that would be fair. Fairness is not about equal payments for everyone, but equal chances to acquire the same goal or accomplishment.
In conclusion, high salary for athletes is what they deserve in accordance with their own achievements and also a guarantee for quality performances. It is a positive encouragement for many more talented people to contribute to the world of athletics and entertainment, giving us awesome performances to enjoy.