Living in big cities or living in small towns

Continuous technological and economical development in modern world created great differences between cities, a difference that is clearly visible in the size of various cities. From cities with more that 20 million people to small towns inhabited by only hundreds of people. This diversities in cities allowed for more difference in people's preferences for where to live. For me, I prefer to live in bigger cities than in small ones, this personal attitude is the result of many factors.
First of all, I find the excitement of big cities to be attractive, living in a dynamic environment can turn into a very rich experience that sharpens one's personality and open one's eyes on the real world. Life in big cities cities gives one new challenges every day, let it be deciding which restaurant to go to or deciding which company to work for. For me, this lifestyles is very attractive and is considered a huge advantage of big cities compared with the constant, slow paced life styles of small towns.
Another thing that put big cities in front of small towns is the facilitates and services it contains which support and improve the quality of its inhabitants' lives, hospitals, advanced medical facilities can satisfy one's need of medical safety. Cultural events such as exhibitions and theatre plays can enrich one's and widen his horizons, things which aren't offered by small towns.
Furthermore, it's undeniable that the economic power of a country is driven by it's big cities and the majority of wealth and finance is centered and controlled in big cities. With this kind of power big cities offer more opportunities for one's career advancements and a more chances of higher income that small towns does, and higher income can be the basis of a happier, healthier life.
Finally, although I prefer to live in a big city, I can not help but assure that this is a matter of personal taste, to be clear, I would love to spend some days in countryside to recharge my soul and relieve myself from daily stress.