Should governments spend more money on improving roads and highways

Nowadays transportation has attracted much social concern. Whether governments should invest more money in traffic infrastructure or focus more on developing public transportation has erupted endless controversy. It does not seem unreasonable to suggest that governments spend more money on buses, trains, and subways investment. Such public vehicles are used to serve a large number of people in society therefore they help alleviate traffic congestion and decrease the amount of carbon released into the air. Both these two things are important.
First and foremost, carbon emission cut is significantly essential for protecting the atmosphere. The fact is that the more cars and motorbikes are on roads, the more seriously the ozone layer is damaged. If governments use more money to improve roads, there is a strong likelihood that more people drive their private cars work. This is sure to lead to more carbon emitted into the atmosphere, which can cause skin cancer and destroy the natural environment. Whereas, if there are more good buses, trains, or subways, people are inclined to use less private vehicles, which decreases the amount of carbon released. Obviously, the policy that concentrates money on developing public transportation brings an advantageous impact on earth. 
In addition, the policy would play a pivotal part in relieving traffic jam. It is quiet clear that traffic congestion is a serious problem in many big cities. The main reason for this issue is that there are a great number of vehicles flowing on roads. In order to tackle the problem, governments have to turn people' attention on public vehicles to reduce cars and motorbikes. There is the possibility that improving roads and highways does not seem to reach the major cause of traffic congestion.
In conclusion, I would concede that high-quality roads and highways make it easier to move around. Nevertheless, public transportation systems even have more important advantages. They not only ease traffic jam but also protect the atmosphere. That is why many governments around the world invest more money on developing public transportation facilities.