Physical exercise should be required part of every school day

Although some people believe that students should spend the whole day on academic studies, I nevertheless believe that physical exercise is a crucial part of every school day. Exercise is good not only for having a good health body, but also for the mind. In addition, including exercise in children's daily routine, it is a good way to teach them the importance of physical activity from an early age.
Physical activity helps children to grow up physically healthier. As studies have shown that the rate of obesity in children has increased every year, it will be very beneficial for children to have a daily physical activity and get a break from being sitting several hours at school. In addition, exercise will help them to not be less exposed to illness related with cardiovascular, higher blood and cholesterol issues.
Daily exercise will help also to develop children's brain function. It is well known how important it is to exercise regularly to help the body system to work better. When people exercise, the respiratory system's function is enhanced, helping all organs, including the brain, to get more oxygen in. Daily exercise will provide children with a mental break which will boost them to be efficient learners.
Having children in the daily exercise routine from an early age will teach them the important value of having physical activity in their every day routine. Children are bombarded with lectures about nutrition and physical activity; however, they will be more beneficed if that knowledge can be put in practice. Moreover, they can stick with the routine and make the daily physical activities a good habit on their whole life. 
Including physical activity in children's school day should be strongly considered. It will meliorate not only mental and body health, but also will establish in children a habit of doing it, giving them the opportunity to measure the worth of including such an important activity in their daily live schedules.