should one follow fashion trends rather than a personal style?

With increasing availability to the Internet, people can collect a wealth of information about the latest fashion trends over the world, such as the most popular shoes style this season or the best-liked clothes color this year. However, some people think that dressing in a personal style should be advocated rather than following fashion trends. From my perspective, fashion trends have a more essential role to play in people's lives than personal dressing styles.
This is because following fashion trends enables people to keep up with the world's latest transformations, which is of vital importance if we consider the fact that people are living in a global village today. When individuals keep the habit of grasping the world's cutting-edge fashion information, they are gradually changing their attitudes to viewing the world, which means they are more open to accept diverse voices from people around the world. In contrast, if they stuck to their own fashion styles, disregarding the world's top fashion designers' achievements, they would stay conservative in their own worlds. As a result, they might fall behind shortly.
Furthermore, people with inadequate aesthetic knowledge or poor originality develop their own senses of fashion when treasuring the latest fashion information. Without following fashion trends, such people would have a hard time choosing and matching clothes, let alone forming their own dressing styles.
Despite this, it is undeniable that following fashion trends constantly may undermine individuals' personalities. Individuals purchase their clothes according to the latest fashion trends, which may result in the phenomenon that people would wear the same style of clothes. Consequently, the world would look monotonous.
With those arguments in mind, I would conclude that people should, especially for ones lacking basic aesthetic knowledge, care more about fashion trends in lives as they can keep pace with the world's changes. On the other hand, creative design talents can value their own dressing ideas, developing their own fashion styles as they like.
