Young adults preference on how long they should live with their parents before moving out

As young people gets older they tend to seek more freedom and want to live on their own. But, the issue of what is the right age for young adults to leave their parents and start living on their own is a contentious one. Personally, I believe that young adults should live with their parents for a longer period of time.
Living on your own is a huge financial commitment. At younger age people are less likely to get a high paying job, so It can be a difficult task to pay for rent, food, utilities and other expenses to sustain yourself. So, I believe that living with parents is a wise choice for adults until they get a head start to their professional career with a reasonable income.
Another advantage of living with parents for a longer period of time is the enhanced emotional attachment with them. Parents have valuable advice to their children as they go through the changes in their adult life. Living together develops the environment of discussing adult's physiological and psychological changes face to face with their parents. Young adults will feel reluctant to discuss such problems with their parents if they move out and live on their own, and thus missing the valuable input of their parents.
While some critics may argue that, young adults living with parents will not be free to do what they want. However, I believe that most young adults are inclined to take unprecedented advantages of the freedom they have. It is good thing if living with parents does not give freedom for young people to party all night, smoke or do drugs. 
In a nutshell, I believe that young adults should only consider living on their own only after they are sure they could sustain on their own. It is unwise to trade the opportunity of living with parents for a longer period of time for some late night parties or drugs. Thus, to cope with the physiological and psychological changes of adult life, to make financial life a less struggle and to prevent oneself digress from their destined path, it is important for young adults to live with their parents for a longer period of time.